Typo Changes (#14)
zuckung/endless-sky-plugins: myplugins/better.starts/data/bstartsStarts.txt

	description `Ship: Freighter`
	description `Special: 165t Cargo`
	description `You grew up on New China in the Merak system, an overpopulated, dirty and poor world, dreaming of an escape.`

> 	description `Your neighbor, who a space trader, is going into pension. He offers you a chance to buy his "Freighter". This can be your chance.`

Author: ```suggestion
	description `Your neighbor, who is a space trader, is going into pension. He offers you a chance to buy his "Freighter". This can be your chance.`
```

conversation "z_trader1"
	scene "scene/lobby"
	`Your family is more wealthy than most of New China's inhabitants, but less wealthy than your neighbour Phil. He is the most lazy and annoying person you know. Amazingly how good he is standing with doing his trading job. Most of the year he does nothing, just hanging around in bars. And that is why you decided to become a space trader. With your talent, charm, and ambitions, you can get really really rich.` 

> 	`Anyway, now it's time for signing up the final contracts for the bank loan and the ship purchase.`

Author: ```suggestion
	`Anyway, now it's time to sign the final contracts for the bank loan and the ship purchase.`
```

conversation "z_miner"
	scene "scene/lobby"
	`You were quite surprised when you heard of your childhood friend Ted a month ago. When his parents died, he took his legacy and disappeared from this planet.`
	`Ted made a fortune with asteroid mining, and now he came back to help you.`

> 	`He vouched for you at the bank so you could take a pretty big loan. He took you to Tarazed to buy a 'Sunder', equipped for asteroid mining. You felt like back in school, when Ted helped you learn to get your pilot's license.`

Author: ```suggestion
	`He vouched for you at the bank so you could take a pretty big loan. He took you to Tarazed to buy a 'Sunder', equipped for asteroid mining. You felt like back in school, when Ted helped you learn enough to qualify for your pilot's license.`
```
